# DAOist-Enclave
Not a DAO (Distributes Autonomous Organism), but creating a safe territory (in the cryprosphere) within which DAOs spontaneously form from the natural organic activities of Entrepreneurs.

Answering the economic challenges of a post COVID-19 Pandemic world:

Since the beginning of Humanity we have searched for better and better ways to survive and thrive together. There is an instinctual mechanism that makes us seek out others who think and feel as we do. We gather into companionships of all sizes, everything from a partnership of two individuals, to entire nations of millions or more. As we gather, regardless of size, the laws of social dynamics come into play, forming a unique social structure (by mutual agreement) for each of these societies. There is a natural fractal multiplexity within them; the same patterns exist regardless of scale, and multiples can exist within any one social construct.

**Geography** has been the boundary demarcating where one enclave ends and another begins, whether a cave or a continent, within that territory we operate socially in a specific way. The unwritten rules for all of our social interactions is called **Culture**. These are the two paramount features of any and all societies, and the salient elements that we must clearly define in cyberspace before DAOs are able to survive more than a few members. 

With the advent of Blockchain and its associated Smart-contract tech it is now possible to gather millions of people into Collectives crossing all geographic boundaries, bringing with them a myriad of cultural differences. This means that the important demarcation lines between cultures are missing, which causes friction that ranges from mild frustrations to active enmity. As a result the cryptosphere is a world of uncertainty and volatile activity; it’s “Risky Business”.

Building an Enclave of Cultural predictability wherein people can do business one with another, based on social norms, is to create fertile ground upon which the entrepreneurial exercise is natural. In the 1950s in the United States this was evidenced by the common belief of the American Dream. It was the cultural banner that heralded equality of opportunity. Along with simple beliefs like “*The customer is always right*” and “*a day’s wage for a day’s work*” and a host of others, the social construct was remarkably attractive to the entrepreneurial exercise. People could “*risk it all*” on the promise of “*a better future*”, the pathway to which was defined by this culture. At that time __*Cultural-Enclaves*__ were defined by the geographical boundaries of Nation States. 

Similar fertility could be identified within the boundaries of various Nations around the globe in that post war era. Most notably was the *Culture* that arose within the territory of Japan. Like a phoenix rising out of the ashes of unimaginable devastation from war, the Japanese people believed they could become a prosperous nation again. They accomplished what is known as an Economic Miracle because they shared a common philosophy: *That they could learn from their conquerors.* Sending some of their finest young people to the US to study its economic, political, social, and educational systems, they grew the understanding of the next generation of entrepreneurs. Internally they converted from the monopolistic Zaibatsu conglomerative business model to a more distributed form of business entity collaboration called Keiretsu. Many other reforms made the ground fertile for one of the most dramatic economic accomplishments of the modern era, all of which were the product of Cultural elements within their Geographic boundaries. Doing business in Japan meant that you could count on it being conducted in accord with these common philosophies and principles. The predictability of the cultural environment de-Risked Business.

Where we now live in a world that is recovering from the socio-economic devastation of a global pandemic which has crippled every national economy, we are in need of a Global-Solution. We need to create Cultural Enclaves that are entrepreneurially fertile. We need to employ the most enabling philosophies and technologies, and with them, carve out a space that is geographically boundless but clearly bounded by a common understanding about how business gets done. This is the cause and mission of the DAOist-Enclave project.

What we are accomplishing here is the creation of a duplicatable model for staking out a safe territory in the new cyberspace of global cryptocurrency economies. It is built upon the third generation Blockchain technology developed by the Cardano project. Which in and of itself, is a duplicatable model for building safe stable crypto. Like Cardano, the DAOist-Enclave project is a pioneering effort into a future where there is decentralized equality of opportunity for virtually everyone around the Globe. Our first phase solution is a cobbling together of existing tech as a stop-gap measure to the enormous urgency for productivity to be re-initiated world wide. Codenamed __*Cobble*__ it will also serve as a test-bed to prove out many theoretical elements of a healthy Enclave (both technical and social).

Once Cobble has arrested the hemorrhaging of Human spirit, we will then set our sights upon the development of a socio-technological platform as sound and solid as the bedrock of Cardano we are building upon. This second phase approach called __*The XU*__ (pronounced *zoo*) is executed with the same scientific and mathematic rigor displayed by IOHK and their GitHub community. Riding upon the tech layer of Decentralization (where best practices can be logically and scientifically worked out) is the social layer where Culture is the defining factor. Here we are instituting innovative new methodologies such as a new governance model called a Legatocracy (a democratic-meritocracy), which is used to balance the need for security and freedom within the Collective. 

The underlying technological achievement of the DAOist-Enclave project is a full suit of open-source softwares that can be used to establish a Cultural-Enclave infused with any socio-economic philosophy that may exist or be invented, creating the boundaries around it in cyberspace. This software, called an __EeDe__ (for Entrepreneurial economic Decentralized ecosystem), will facilitate the instantiation of multiple Enclaves, accessible from any part of the Globe, each drawing to their markets people of like minds and hearts. This ecosystem of disparate Enclaves will form the new Global Economy, one without Geographic borders; one that is inclusive of all of Humanity.

The DAOist-Enclave project and The XU are a collaboration of thought-leaders, coders and various highly-skilled others, from all around the Globe in an effort to recreate the Economic Miracle of post-war Japan, as our answer to the current crisis facing all of Humanity.

__`What will history look back and say about how we answered the challenge of the Economic Pandemic of 2020? Will history record that the nation states cannibalized each other, or that we collaborated Globally to create a new healthy international ecosystem of entrepreneurialism?`__

There is a great deal of work to be accomplished, we appreciate any contribution from any corner of the Globe, we are all in this together. __Life is asking us who we are, let us answer well!__

Thank you,

Timberlane Hamilton
DAOist7760@gmail.com
