# AABE Architecture Preamble

The biggest challenge when designing a Social-framework for Human-collectives, is scalability. It must fully function in the same way regardless of size. Whether two, or two million members, the operation of it must be the same. To make this a reality the fundamental constructor must be a fractal in Human nature. A fractal is simply a repeating pattern regardless of size. To accomplish this objective, every piece, part, and component of the framework must be fractal.

Consider that all Humans operate on an algorithm consisting of three specific elements; a belief about something, the agreement to act on that belief, and finally the experience of acting. This is a Triadial relationship, meaning that one leads into the other. Belief precedes Agreement, which precedes Experience, which precedes and reinforces Belief. Psychology calls it Confirmation Bias; when we go looking to prove what we already believe to be true. The idea is often used to illustrate a kind of blindness to anything that might disprove our belief. Though this phenomenon may seem problematic it is actually very useful in our day-to-day navigation of life’s many challenges.

This universal tendency is what allows us to create the mental construct of the world that we live in. We have some experience of it as a child which teaches us how the world works and that belief becomes our template for all kinds of behaviors. Because we know how the world works, we make a commitment within ourselves to work the system, and that internal agreement leads to the behaviors which are new experiences of the way the world works. 

This triadial relationship is an algorithmic pattern common to every aspect of Human existence, but is it scalable? Can it be found across various sized groups of Humans? The proof that it can, is self evident in any collection of people who share a common core-belief, from Main-street to Wall-street. At home in any family around the world there is a culture that dictates the flavor of humor, politics, religion, work and even the kind of person to marry. In business it is said “We need to get buy-in from the Board.” On a much grander scale, Nations go to war because they believe that there is a threat, and agree to put their lives on the line to protect the Homeland. This attribute to the mechanism of Humanity; that it occurs the same way in groups of Humans (of all sizes) as it does within the individual, makes it a fractal pattern.

We can look at it as a Meta-Fractal that tells us how to close the loop in any given context. Used as a basic constructor we can apply it to various other Axioms of Humanity (such as the conflict between Security and Freedom) which function as building blocks for the framework. In the end Agility, Adaptability and Scalability are the benchmarks for the design of a Social-system that organically forms Human-Collectives around business purposes. This must be the very first achievement along the path toward a world where Decentralized Autonomous Organisms exist.
